Added bootstrap peers docs (#39)
input-output-hk/cardano-node-wiki: docs/getting-started/understanding-config-files.md

      "advertise": false
    }
  ],
  "useLedgerAfterSlot": 0,
  "bootstrapPeers": [
    {
      "address": "z.z.z.z",
      "port": 3003
    }
  ]
}
```

* The main difference between `LocalRoots` and `PublicRoots` is the ability to
  specify various groups with varying valencies in the former. This can be
  valuable for informing your node about different targets within a group to
  achieve. `LocalRoots` is designed for peers that the node should always keep
  as hot, such as its own block producer. On the other hand, `PublicRoots`
  serves as a source of fallback peers, to be used if we are before the
  configured `useLedgerAfterSlot` slot.

* This means that your node will initiate contact with the node at IP
  `x.x.x.x` on `port 3001` and resolve the DNS domain `y.y.y.y` (provided it
  exists). It will then make efforts to establish a connection with at least
  one of the resolved IPs.

> * `valency` (_deprecated_, please use `hotValency`) tells the node the number
>   of connections it should attempt to select from the specified group. When a
>   DNS address is provided, valency determines the count of resolved IP
>   addresses for which the node should maintain an active (hot) connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hotValency` tells the node the number
  of connections it should attempt to select from the specified group. When a
  DNS address is provided, valency determines the count of resolved IP
  addresses for which the node should maintain an active (hot) connection.
  Note: one can also use the deprecated now `valency` field for `hotValency`.
```

>   the node should maintain an active (hot) connection.

Author: `valency` still works, it is backward compatible. So that's I left it there.

>   the node should maintain an active (hot) connection.

Reviewer: That's fine, my suggestion changes the accents.  With current style it looks like `valency` is the preferred way, but in fact it's something we will remove at some point, because there's no reason to support multiple syntaxes.

block forging. If this process fails, block forging will be disabled. To re-enable block
forging, ensure that the necessary files are present (check [here](../../reference/dynamic-block-forging)
for more details about dynamically enabling/disabling block forging).

You can disable ledger peers by setting the `useLedgerAfterSlot` to a negative
value.

If you are syncing the network for the first time, please connect to IOG
relays at `relays-new.cardano-mainnet.iohkdev.io` by adding them to your local
root peers. Additionally, set `useLedgerAfterSlot` to `-1` to disable ledger
peers. You have the flexibility to use different relays, but it's important to
ensure you trust them to provide an honest chain. Once your node is fully
synced, feel free to remove these relays from your local root peers. Also,
make it a practice to manually verify if other stake pool relays are on the
same chain as yours. When you enable ledger peers by setting
`useLedgerAfterSlot`, your node will establish connections with relays
registered on the chain. It will actively churn through these peers by
randomly selecting new ones based on stake distribution while also removing
the least performing 20%.

> ### Bootstrap Peers

Reviewer: Check with @kevinhammond what is the official name for bootstrap peers and use `# Official (Bootstrap peers)` as the title.

You can disable ledger peers by setting the `useLedgerAfterSlot` to a negative
value.

If you are syncing the network for the first time, please connect to IOG
relays at `relays-new.cardano-mainnet.iohkdev.io` by adding them to your local
root peers. Additionally, set `useLedgerAfterSlot` to `-1` to disable ledger

> peers. You have the flexibility to use different relays, but it's important to

Author: I'll just remove that paragraph don't think it is needed!

node to connect to a trustable set of peers when the its chain falls behind.

Bootstrap peers can be disabled by setting `bootstrapPeers: null`, although
they are disabled by default. They are enabled by providing a list of
addresses. By default bootstrap peers are disabled.

Trustable peers are composed by the bootstrap peers (see `bootstrapPeers`
option in the example topology file above) and the trustable local root peers
(see `trustable` option in the example topology file above). By default
peers are not trustable.

In order for the node to be able to start and make progress, the user _must_
provide a trustable source of peers via topology file. This means that the
node will only start if either the bootstrap peers list is non-empty or
there's a local root group that is trustable. Failing to configure the node
with trustable peer sources will make it so that the node crashes with an
exception. *_Please note_* that if the only source of trustable peers is a DNS
name, the node might not be able to make progress once in fallback state, if
DNS is not providing any addresses.

Provided that the node is well configured the node will function as expected.

> 

Author: ahah that's right! :D
